more now on the war in Gaza a funeral
has been held for two people killed
during a raid by Israeli forces in the
occupied West Bank Let's cross now toita
Ibraham who's joining us live from the
jalone refugee camp north of rala in the
occupied West Bank and can you just give
us a sense of how people are feeling
there as they're having to lay to rest
even more of their
own yes we've been seeing people here
coming to the camp where prayers are
being held now before taking the two
bodies to the cemetery here at Al jalone
there is a lot of fear amongst some of
the residents we've been speaking to
they say that the Israeli soldiers
entered their homes ruined their stuff
the kids were telling us specifically
that they were uh scared it's not easy
for children here to admit that they're
scared of the Israeli soldiers there's a
sense of defiance here amongst the
community but nevertheless when you see
large troops entering the refugee camp
throwing tear gas bombs entering homes
uh ruining the contents uh of these
people's house you can imagine how that
basically kills their sense of safety
let's not forget that this is not
something new for Palestinians living
here at Al jalone refugee camp Israeli
raids are very often and so there's a
lot of frustration they believe that the
world is leaving Israel with open hands
to do whatever it wants and we've been
seeing those Israeli rates increase in
the occupied West Bank the part of the
confrontations that has been going on
here in the refugee camp where in this
area over here we are going to try and
show you some of them but basically U
Israeli forces are armed they have tear
gas they have live ammunition uh rubber
coated steel bullets but when you talk
about the Palestinians you're talking
about people who are not armed and and
are often
just basically fighting back with rocks
towards the Israeli forces to kind of
prevent them from uh uh invading the
camp it's there are so many narrow
alleys and women were telling us that
they were scared that uh that the
Israeli forces have entered during those
alleys and as well as that we've been
seeing many Palestinians go to the
hospital to check on those who were
wounded as a result of those
confrontations and n
given all of this tension given the uh
Israeli military escalating operations
and intensifying the Crackdown is this
threatening to spill over into I guess
even more widespread
violence indeed the West Bank has
already been inflamed let's call it
we've been seeing Israeli forces raid
towns and cities for two years now
killing Palestinians we've seen some
armed groups uh operating uh committing
attacks against is isi soldiers and
Israeli settlers already but since
October the 7th the tension has been
much much higher we're talking about
more than 1,000 Palestinians who have
been detained by Israeli forces we're
talking about more than a dozen on
average of raids per day here in the
West Bank we're talking about also the
number of those who have been killed 95
Palestinians just since October the 7th
so you can imagine uh how people are
feeling here and also when we talk about
Janine we've seen the use of aial
strikes without any ground troops
invading uh Janine those uh air Fighters
sorry those air Jets and then bombing
and strucking a two Palestinians inside
the mosque so when we talk to
Palestinians here they say this is a
dangerous escalation they say they're
worried they're scared that what's
happening now in the besieged Gaza Strip
is making its way here in the occupied
West Bank